JP-3770: emicorr memory and run time improvement (#8849)
spacetelescope/jwst: changes/8849.refpix.rst

> Improving runtime and memory usage

Reviewer: Can you add a little more detail here?

Author: Sure thing!

> Removed the interleve array and do interleving of noise and subtraction in-place to avoid creating 2 arrays of equal dimensions to data

Reviewer 2: This file should probably have `emicorr` in its name rather than `refpix`

Reviewer: Also a couple quick typo fixes:

```suggestion
Removed the interleaved noise array and do interleaving of noise and subtraction in-place to avoid creating 2 arrays of equal dimensions to data.
```

Author: done
